very good how are you my
dearest lovers of the heart
welcome one more day to the Channel I hope you are
having a wonderful day how are you
today I bring you some statements
from Jaime Peñafiel well I have put you
before in another video I do not know which one was
uploaded first if the other one or this one okay
But well eh I have been publishing various
parts and I have been recording various
extracts of this interview that has given
in three cats that as I said
before well it is one of the few
media that is dealing with the subject of
Queen Letizia the whole scandal and so
on that coincidentally it is only
Catalan media that deal with the subject in
Spain only readings has dealt with the
subject a little more in depth yes it
is true that in Tele5 it has been dealt with
because there are many people who are saying
that in Spain it is not talked about that in Spain
nothing is being said to see in Spain
yes it is true that they are being more
cautious but it is logical eh It
would not be the first time that rumors have been heard
that television programs are being closed
for x subject okay there have been published
occasions I do not remember if it was a
television program or a magazine with
one  cartoon I don't remember But there have
been times where there has been some
funny guy who has gone too far and
suddenly the publication has been
suspended okay it has been hijacked
call it what you want then I
understand that the subject is being treated with great
care and with much more prudence than what they
are doing here we are seeing
headlines that are barbarities I mean the
other day we were commenting on a
news story in which it was said that
Queen Letizia we are talking about the
queen conor or not the queen queen
Letizia eh had sent another
man panties dedicated with a marker I
dedicate it to you and you had them Save note I
mean things are being talked about Now that
are completely barbaric and it
seems to me that respect has been
completely lost but there are many people who
say no but the royal house is that well the
royal house They are already
talking like this about the house No no it is that
this is a lack of respect even
for people who are not from the royal house I
mean this is accentuated and it draws much
more attention that we are talking about
the royal house but for example the
extract that I am going to  put now is that
look at the headline, I mean, I ca
n't imagine anyone putting this headline
eh Not about the King, I can't
even imagine them putting it maybe about a
mayor, a mayoress, a
president of the government, I don't know, about a
minister Imagine that you put this about a
minister eh Jaime Peñafiel two points
the Bourbons are [ __ ] very elegant
the interview a headline that they have
chosen completely appropriate this is
an interview that in this well the other
day I was commenting on something about this medium
three Cat I don't know if it will be a company a
chain that has televisions and that
has radio okay because here it talks to you about
Catalonia radio but it is true that
the other day we were commenting on
this same company three Cat a program
that was on TV so I imagine
that it will be like media no that it is a group I
imagine no this is an interview that is being
done by a certain Ricard Ustrell forgive me
if it is not pronounced like that okay okay And in the
extract that I am going to share with you now
Aime Peñafiel completely loses
respect for the royal house  and the
presenter even more I mean the
presenter goes so far as to say that Leticia
has the same genes as Juan
Carlos, who is a [ __ ] let's see it
next okay Okay let's
listen to it Better said before starting
with the video I am Javi Oliveira
welcome one more day to my channel if you didn't
know me I force you to subscribe it
is mandatory if not the video It's not
clear listen to me everyone who is entering
this video right now press the
subscribe button and give me a
like you give me a like It's completely
free And that way you will find out and YouTube will
recommend all the videos that I upload
okay I trust you eh I'm watching you I
trust you subscribe and give the like I
press Play are you not ready to
hear what I'm going to put on you I press
Play it is not a reception because there is
one thing that has become clear that
people have an increasingly good memory of
Don Juan Carlos that he was a magnificent King
during the best r there has been in
democracy other things are
genetic genetics that my word an interview
that I did with him  to Queen Victoria
Eugenia now we hear what he says about
Queen Victoria Eugenia but
realize that detail okay King Juan
Carlos was a great King he was a very good king
and another thing is genetics okay I mean he
's referring to the infidelities with the
king's friends that that is due
to genetics I mean not because the guy is a case okay No not because of genetics okay for the rest if he wasn't a [ __ ] he would be a good King okay the issue of the elephants the issue of the money anyway all
those things that have come out
Jaime Peñafiel forgets I think that in part
everything that is happening and all the
hype we are having with this type
of news Because Jaime is a true
admirer of Juan Carlos but a hater of
the rest of the family I mean he is an
admirer of Juan Carlos but a hater of the
rest of the family talking about
those who had suffered with her husband
Alfonso XI who had done her a lot of harm
because of her problem I said Well like my
grandson genetically Bourbon Well look at
that the king genetically Bourbon I mean let's
see one thing  is that you like making
love having sex I think you don't
need your last name to be Bourbon okay another
thing is that you are unfaithful or that you are a
scoundrel I think that nature has
created us so that we all
like the same things Well more or less you
have understood me one thing that you like
Who doesn't like it okay we all
like it but another thing is that you respect
the people you love or that you are
supposed to love and Leticia they look alike
not because of what it seems the presenter
Leticia looks like Juan Carlos no no it's not
that even Felipe Felipe is Greek he is
not Bourbon no no dig Felipe is Greek he is not Bourbon
no Felipe Felipe was brought by
the stork Jaime Peñafiel Leticia
Leticia and the king emeritus this is
like they always say it because Felipe is
more like his mother's side
genetics they look alike it has nothing to
do with it because not because of that family that's what the
genetics of the Bourbons Queen Victor
wanted to tell me there is a pattern in that
genetics not
because they are [ __ ] that's what
Queen Victor of the Bourbons wanted to tell me
Queen Victoria wanted to tell me there is
a pattern in that genetics not from what she
was telling me they are [ __ ] that is what
Queen Victoria
Eugene wanted to tell me that the B genetics are [ __ ]
the rest of us ask for children at the alpr
listen to me let's see one thing
you like sex that I think a
lot of people like that we have
many surnames and another
thing is respect for your family and for your loved ones and for the person with whom you are supposedly chosen to share your life don't make me speak Spanish because I am Andalusian Don Javier Peñafiel there is another book in progress or up to here for now we will
find out in another video us
family What are you thinking right now
when you heard these words
the truth is that they have left me a little
shocked we are talking about a
91 year old gentleman who doesn't cut his
hair anymore in and tra tra TR TR with a machete
I think he will say they are not going to
sue me if they sue someone it will be the one from this
burgo so p they are not going to sue me
to sue me, there's not much time left for
me to be sued and well anyway
Oh oh and forgive me for the expression
family I'm leaving it here to
remind you that you have a new video,
probably in a little while, okay, stay
tuned to the Channel because
videos are uploaded throughout the day informing you of
all the news that arises, I
send you a huge kiss and bye bye, stay
tuned to the Channel, okay, I love you all
very much If you liked the video, hit
the button and subscribe to our
[Music]
YouTube channel